{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lauren Lotka is a successful entrepreneur, business development and talent consultant who partners with designers and brands to help them access exceptional talent and streamline business initiatives to execute better ideas faster.\
\
With experience in brand strategy, business development, licensing + joint ventures, marketing, brand partnerships and collaborations, investment prospects, senior talent and executive search, Lauren has spent the past 15 years facilitating the ins and outs of building and growing successful brands globally.
\b  
\b0 Whether her clients need strategy, a catalyst, an expert, or an idea to get to the next phase of growth, she connects the big ideas with the right talent to incite and impact change.
\b \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa180\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Prior to establishing Lotka&Co, Lauren co-founded ARTIFECT, a consulting agency focused on in-house talent needs, brand building tactics, and investment prospects for designers and brands globally.  Notable achievements include securing Kate Spade\'92s first ever global outerwear license, investing in luxury eveningwear designer Elizabeth Kennedy, and placing exceptional talent in coveted positions at Calvin Klein, The Row, Urban Zen and ADEAM.\
Prior to starting her own agencies, Lauren was recruited to launch Creative Management Agency.  As the Managing Director, Lauren built an agency that parlayed business development + brand strategy with a talent acquisition division. In the first year, Lauren grew the team from 3 to 18, executed licensing deals for Nicole Miller and Amerex Group, and built an executive search practice servicing clients such as IPPOLITA, Kellwood, NY&Co, and Burch Creative Capital.\
Lauren\'92s formative years in fashion started at DMA where she worked as an agent and business development lead.  She represented the likes of Alexander McQueen, Pamela Love, celebrity stylist Leslie Fremar and supermodel Veronica Webb.  Some of her executed deals include Tucker for Target, Pamela Love x TopShop, Tracy Hutson for QVC, and Leslie Fremar for Fruit of the Loom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 People who work with Lauren know they can always count on her creative problem solving, reservoir of resources internationally, and most importantly her quick wit, sense of humor and unending ambition.\
\
Lauren graduated from New York University\'92s Gallatin School of Individualized Studies where she designed her own concentration in the business of fashion.  A proud Midwesterner from the suburbs of Chicago, Lauren has an inexhaustible wanderlust and has lived and worked in Prague, London, Italy, and Costa Rica.  A lifelong athlete who teaches spin class to keep it going, Lauren is focused on leading a life rooted in health, wellness and mindfulness. Lauren also provides pro-bono services to designers and industry professionals and is an active member of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bleeker.co/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Bleeker}} Network and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.trendseeder.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Trendseeder}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}